GRANT OF LICENSE 

MOX Group Limited and its third party licensors grant to you a non-exclusive 
license to install and use the software programs in this package (collectively 
referred to as the "Software") on either: (a) a single computer, or (b) a 
network server for access by one user, by way of terminal or computer attached 
to the network server. Should you choose to install the Software on additional 
computers, or increase user access via a network server, you must first acquire 
a license for each additional user who will use the Software, with the 
understanding that at any one point in time (and regardless of the number of 
media sets included with the Software), the number of users who are permitted to 
use the Software may not exceed the number of single-user licenses you have 
acquired. 

If this Software is an upgrade from a previous version of a MOX Group Limited 
product, you may not transfer the prior version to another user. This Agreement 
supersedes any prior license with respect to your use of the Software. 

Except as otherwise provided in this agreement, any attempted sublicense, 
rental, sale, or lease of the Software is prohibited. However, you may transfer 
your rights to use the Software on a permanent basis, provided: (1) you transfer 
this Agreement, the Software, and all accompanying written materials and retain 
no copies; (2) the recipient agrees to the terms of this Agreement; and (3) you 
first notify MOX Group Limited in writing of the date of transfer and the 
recipient's full name and address. This Agreement will automatically terminate 
without notice to you if you fail to comply with its terms. 

The Software and the accompanying documentation are copyrighted. Unauthorized 
copying, reverse assembly, reverse engineering, decompilation, and creating 
derivative works based on the Software are prohibited. You may not make copies 
of the Software except that you may install the Software into permanent memory 
of a single storage device provided you keep the original media solely for 
backup or archival purposes. You may not copy the accompanying documentation. 
Ownership and title to the Software is retained by MOX Group Limited or its 
licensors, as applicable. 


LIMITED WARRANTY

The Software is warranted for ninety days after it is delivered to you that it 
will conform with the accompanying documentation supplied by MOX Group Limited 
at the time of delivery. Defective media will be replaced without charge if 
returned during the warranty period. This warranty shall be void if you attempt 
to modify the Software. MOX Group Limited makes no representation or warranty, 
expressed or implied, that the operation of the Software will be uninterrupted 
or error free, or that the functions contained in the Software will meet or 
satisfy your intended use or requirements; you assume complete responsibility 
for decisions made or actions taken based on information obtained using the 
Software. 

THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN THIS AGREEMENT IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, 
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) ANY WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MOX GROUP LIMITED AND ITS 
LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST 
SAVINGS, OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF MOX GROUP LIMITED OR ITS RESELLERS HAVE 
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other 
rights which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Some jurisdictions do not 
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential 
damages, or the exclusion of an implied warranty, so the above limitation or 
exclusion may not apply to you. 


LIMITATION OF REMEDIES 

MOX Group Limited's entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be: 
The replacement of the Software not meeting the Limited Warranty specified above 
which is returned with proof of purchase, or
If MOX Group Limited is unable to deliver the replacement Software that meets 
the Limited Warranty specified above, MOX Group Limited will refund your 
purchase price. IN NO EVENT SHALL MOX GROUP LIMITED'S LIABILITY TO ANY PARTY 
EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE SOFTWARE. 

OTHER PROVISIONS 

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Queensland, 
Australia. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive agreement between MOX 
Group Limited and you, and supersedes all prior agreements, whether written or 
oral, relating to the Software provided in this package and the accompanying 
documentation. This Agreement may not be changed or modified except by an 
instrument in writing signed by a duly authorized representative of MOX Group 
Limited.

